---
layout: post
title: 2017, A Recap
subtitle: A look back and reflection of my 2017
author: Jamie Higgins
date: 2017-12-31
categories: Personal
image: https://www.jamiehiggins.me/img/post/2017/12/31/banner.jpg
---

> Last updated: 1/1/2018

</2017>

I realise it's been over a month since the last blog post here, shh... let's not talk about that. That's because I was busy finishing up all the projects that I discussed in my last post. So, I'll very briefly go over how everything turned out.

### Web Programming 3

We got most of the features that we wanted to implement implemented and the website is now hosted on Firebase. [The Cookbook](https://the-cookbook.firebaseapp.com) is now a live website that people can use, which is the first of its kind for me, so I'm very happy with it. It doesn't look the best, with some parts now optimised for mobile, but I still like it.

### Rich Application Development 301

Yeah, wasn't difficult finishing this project off, just wrapping my head around some of the logic that I was trying to implement. Other than that, we had a class test that will be like the final exam that we'll have in just over a week or so. Was not that hard at all, so very happy coming out of that one.

### Professional Development

Our report ended up being about 6500 words about Microsoft Dyanmics, and I think out presentation was alright too. I could have done better with the presentation, but it was mostly because I was nervous and that will go away with doing more presentations and practicing.

### Database Development 3

Did the other parts, don't think they fully worked but I did as much as I could for it.

### Project 300

So, the SQL Server is the best, isn't it?...

So, we couldn't do much for this project as we couldn't publish any customisations that we made to the system due to the backend being down. So, it meant that we had to try and get a customer portal working along with some notes about it ready in about 36 hours before we had to do the presentation.

And we did it! And we got 83% for it!

So, everything worked out for that one and we we're all happy about that.

### How did I think I did?

So now that we're at the end of 2017, I guess I should talk about how 2017 was in total for me. All in all, pretty alright, though I certainly could have done some things better. I decided that back in about March or so to not use social media anymore (Yes, I know, I have Twitter linked at the bottom of my blog, but that's there for whenever I decided to use it again), so that includes Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Snapchat, etc. And I won't say it's been easy, but my grades went up about 12% on average between semester 1 and 2 in 2nd year, so it wasn't a complete waste.

Of course, I left my first job in a shop to do work in web over the summer, which was a great experience for me which I will value for life. Finally, we land in 3rd year, where there is a lot of work to do but at least it gives me something to do.

### What do I want to accomplish in 2018?

I guess the easiest thing to say here is to finish my course. It's a three year course that I should finishes off with doing work placement and currently, it looks like I'll be doing it with Codec in both Dublin and Galway. That will be fantastic if we get there, but first we need to finish off the project that we're assigned from them to prove that they should take us on.

Other things I'd like to do:
* Get back into reading, I've got a massive backlog of books I bought in 2017 to get through
* Start programming with another language, preferably C as I'd like to do some work on the Nintendo 3DS scene
* Go to bed sooner and wake up earlier (He says, typing this at 23:40)
* Fix up and add more to this website such as: An archive section for previous blog posts, add more projects to projects page, general styling touch-ups and the like

### "And on that note..."

Can't say I didn't like this year; it was kind to me.

Best part: Getting the Nintendo Switch, I love it so much already.

Biggest disappointment: reputation by Taylor Swift, I don't know what I was expecting, but it wasn't this.

Until next year,

-- Jamie